brother and sister
Mainly you kneel down to Lao Tzu now
Or your sister. You better not provoke me
I miss you nine clans in anger
Hahaha, it's all for this sake, and you're still urging it.
I just want to ask
What strength do you have to meet my nine clans?
You don't need to know that.
As long as I want
You will soon become ashes
I really don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
I don't know that Lao Tzu's account is impossible
Nonsense, my account is not expensive for three years
See the mountain on the spot
one
Ah wait
Who are you?
Lin Jinhai, chairperson of Xiaginhai Group
It turns out that the richest man in Yunzhou is about to go bankrupt
That's so great!
We finally have a chance to deal with each other
What do you want from me?
You let him go first